hello everybody it's more to a crazy
hearing how to do it burial of this
Toby's Rinnegan it's about naruto
character you know culture back i think
you know that not show you everything
fish step two step can see it has to
mask the eye drops on the cutest
first of all we'll need a square
well
turn it turbo turn a purple or blue turn
it blue or purple whose colors will you
want now you'll need a rho omega 0
you can crack for trophies you turn it
back expand it a little I like right
looks like a time don't come calling
doing this video oh my god that doesn't
look like an eye because Luke second I a
week we don't did that okay this is
wrong Circle
like this anything fun days are long
shadow person vinegar
week 6 of this circle or boy before kind
of computer
paint it black dragon oh la la la la la
la last one you need to do the gravity
and back i got i'll use the pen see if I
can find it okay and you expand it twist
it around
orange
another 13 down part of the mask
laughter for this one yo J murder victim
or ification you taught me that
hey Toby's mangekyo sharingan Rinnegan
you know what no all right they can say
mothers are showing on fail fail
lord I or cracks